[Music]
By integrating Ze with Cutting Room, you
can publish videos directly from Cutting
Room to Zip while also accessing all
content from Ze within Cutting Room.
Edit and version them. To add Zip as an
integration, go to settings, click on
integrations, and select Zip. You'll see
several fields that need to be filled
out. The first step is to give your
storage a name. This can be anything
that helps you identify the storage.
Next, decide whether you want to share
this storage source with others or keep
it private for your use only. Then, log
into Zip to find your API key. Once
logged in, go to settings in the top
right corner and find API key.
Click on it to see all API keys
associated with your account. Copy the
API key and return to Cutting Room where
you can paste it in. When you're done,
press save.
Now go back to the editor. Click on the
source drop down under the search bar
and select Zip. If you already have
content in Zip, it will appear here. You
can now edit your video as needed.
When you're finished, render the video
and send it back to Zip. Once you open
Zip again, you'll see that the video is
uploading. After a short while, it will
be ready for use.
[Music]